feat(account): token auth and management support (#354)
UpCloudLtd/upcloud-go-api: CHANGELOG.md

See updating [Changelog example here](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)

## [Unreleased]

> - Experimental support for token-based authentication in the client and functions for token management.

Reviewer: `### Added` row missing here and from previous release

```suggestion

### Added
- Experimental support for token-based authentication in the client and functions for token management.
```

## [8.15.0]

### Added

> - Added support for token-based authentication in the client, including functions for token management.

Reviewer: Could mention the experimental status also here:

```suggestion
- Experimental support for token-based authentication in the client and functions for token management.
```
